[docs] Formatting and proper noun tune-up (#4200)
drud/ddev: docs/content/users/topics/phpstorm.md

2. On some systems and some projects it may take a very long time for PhpStorm to index the files.
3. File changes are noticed only by polling, and PhpStorm will complain about this in the lower right, “External file changes sync may be slow”.
4. Temporarily disable your Windows firewall. When you have everything working, you can turn it back on again.
5. Use `ddev start` and `ddev xdebug on`.
6. Click the Xdebug listen button on PhpStorm (the little phone icon) to make it start listening.
7. Set a breakpoint on or near the first line of your `index.php`.
8. Visit the project with a web browser or cURL. You should get a popup asking for mapping of the host-side files to the in-container files. Make sure `/home/<you>/.../<yourproject>` is mapped to `/var/www/html`.

Debugging should be working. You can step through your code, set breakpoints, view variables, etc.

Set the PhpStorm terminal path (*Settings* → *Tools* → *Terminal* → *Shell Path*) to `C:\Windows\System32\wsl.exe`. That way when you use the terminal Window in WSL2 it’s using the Bash shell in WSL2.

### PhpStorm Inside WSL2 in Linux

> 1. On Windows 11 you don’t need to install an X11 server, because [WSLg](https://github.com/microsoft/wslg) is included by default. On older Windows 10, Install X410 from the Microsoft Store, launch it, configure in the system tray with “Windowed Apps”, “Allow public access”, “DPI Scaling” → ”High quality”. You can any other X11 server, this is just the one we’ve used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. On Windows 11 you don’t need to install an X11 server, because [WSLg](https://github.com/microsoft/wslg) is included by default. On older Windows 10, Install X410 from the Microsoft Store, launch it, configure in the system tray with “Windowed Apps”, “Allow public access”, “DPI Scaling” → ”High quality”. You can any other X11 server, this is just one possibility.
```
